and we wrong this is GUI and in web
browsers weekly call where we discussed
GUI and browser things and it's the last
of july 2019 and let's jump to the
agenda
the first topic on our agenda I can
maybe share my screen the first topic is
discussing the default URL that we would
like to see invocation bar when people
open ipfs website so there's PR and
there's a very long discussion in that
PR but basically we've been thinking
should i PFS and domain name be a
canonical representation or should that
be IP NS and initially this PR started
as a proposal to support DNS link above
and an open question was should which
way we should redirect because we don't
want to like people get confused by
having the same website on both
namespaces the at least at the browser
level it should converge at one address
and there's a long discussion but I got
a short summary here from a call we had
before to unboard you on some latest
decisions and concerns so like the the
upside of allowing IP of Haskins DNS
thinking address bar is the UX it looks
good and that's more or less
it said describing that the website is
powered by a PFS but on the con side
it's breaking the mental model people
have around ipfs addressing where all
ipfs paths and ipfs addresses were
always immutable which meant you can
fetch something today and if you fetch
something from the same address 20 years
in the future it should give you the
same bytes and if we allow the NS link
on like ipfs namespace that introduces
some confusion because people think it's
immutable and it's no longer at the same
time IP and s it's a problem a problem
has problems on it on its own you can
have IP only p2p keys there and have
that as a mutable pointer to something
you can also have the NS link which acts
as a mutable pointer to any content path
but still there is understanding in the
community that I TNS namespace is about
mutable naming for ipfs so sort of at
this point we agreed to support the
nesting on ipfs protocol handler with a
small caveat that it will for now it
will redirect to IP NS protocol handler
so in the location bar what will persist
it will be IP NS and then DNS link
that's all those are some harder
discussions and designing in the short
term but in the law we can always change
the way this redirect behaves and what
it unlocks is allows people to just type
ipfs colon slash slash and domain name
in location bar and as soon as active as
companion supports this change it will
work so people can start using this URL
and also this one I believe that's it
for this topic if there are any
questions or the celica chat stop
sharing now yeah so fqdn is a fully
qualified domain name I believe so
that's that's hostname power domain name
depending on the context there are
formalities around that you check yeah I
had a couple of questions about the so
that it seems like the main blocker for
doing this would be the understanding in
the community around me immutability a
that is in anyway assumed to be an IP FS
resource but if you have the resolution
of that name to see ID then that isn't
necessarily trustable as immutable
because that could potentially change
two points to something else is so my
question was really around who is doing
this now who are the parties that are
actually shipping ipfs colon slash slash
so here who is the community of people
that have an understanding
yep so for now the only third party like
a speck or people who are using ipfs
colon slash slash for something or at
least for like text representation are
ENS guys for they use it in the content
hash spec I think if I can find it
shortly yeah
so I'll put it in notes I put it in
chocolate did you call yeah the the way
to because it's hard to start the reason
about what the impact of changing that
understanding in the community is if
we're just talking about the community
as a you know ambiguous blob of activity
where people some
so it really helps that conversation if
we talk about the people that are
impacted by that potential change very
specifically which who are the projects
whose shipping code who are the
communities or ecosystems that have
dependencies on this understanding of
the immutability of active has : / /
specifically yep so and that's a very
good example of non browser context
where ipfs conscious slash is used
already so if I I believe if you have
like a a Tyrian blockchain Explorer at
least for ens blocks and or contracts if
someone has a DNS name pointing at ipfs
address the text representation of that
would be ipfs colon slash slash and CID
and they also support IP NS there's a
dedicated multi codec for that and the
address looks like IP n s : / and
there's a lip p2p key so that's more or
less the current situation with this we
will land support for aquifers colon
slash slash DNS link in aquifers
companion just like a UX feature so
people can price links even though it's
not canonical one won't be present
persistent in location bar it makes it
easier for people and at the same time
it does not pollute ipfs namespace with
mutable mutable identifiers because it
will explicitly redirect user to IP
Ana's namespace retaining the current
status call around mutable and immutable
name spacing well to some extent because
by shipping that you're also training
people you're training users to expect
that I give s : / / name
to be something that it's usable and
familiar and understandable so I feel
like you are we are now if we ship that
feature even though it is a redirect
what people are able to share between
each other is ipfs colon slash slash
URLs and that builds a community and an
ecosystem around an understanding of
that functioning in that way in a but
not mutable it way in theory in practice
if you redirect people to IP NS and that
stays in location bar and if someone
wants to share that with someone they
will copy that address so it's it's more
like a sneaky feature for now this is
one area where it would be really neat
to see if we can find some some
published research from one of the
browser vendors around people's
understanding of what schemes are and
how they interact with them and I also
may be around redirects I know the
scheme or like so upgrading or switching
protocols so redirecting from scheme to
scheme is pretty challenging from a
browser network and security standpoint
because the assumptions around the
capabilities really change as the scheme
changes so that I could think is just
that we're making impact our broader
adoption strategy moving forward as we
start shipping in more browsers I think
is is important and I don't think we
fully understand that yet but I'll see
if I'll see if there's some research
around how how we end users think about
these things because again my god a
given that where our project is 0.4 and
we're the you know nascent beginning of
a potential adoption growth trajectory
there's any time to kind of change these
types of things and how like this is
specifically about how we introduce
ourselves as a protocol in front of
end-users this isn't the the UX of the
developer at this point is not even
really part of that conversation is
nearly as much as what that end-user
impact is gonna be so it's like mostly
how we present the ipfs website loaded
using DNS link because like today
there's no concern around ipfs colon
slash slash the ID the concern is about
how do present websites with human
readable names that are dns backed and
also something that came up from this
discussion it's like a sec something too
we will probably feel an issue later
today is if we want to have a universal
name like universal protocol handler for
all those multiple namespaces we could
have something like the web then you
have your name or your identifier and
then at the very end you stick the
protocol like the actual protocol
namespace and that gives you a region
per protocol but that's just like a cute
hug for to think about in case we don't
end up with I TNS or ipfs permanently in
location bar
Hey I guess when one thing to think
about is that I mean one lesson we
learned in browser landis that most
users don't really understand any of it
at all no matter how hard you try in the
URL bar and that's why Google keeps
trying to basically hide the URL this
has hiding the URL reduces confusion and
it actually opens up new doors to how to
visually communicate these things yeah
that's something we discussed in the
previous call that chrome hides the
protocol so we actually we care about
should that be ipfs or IP NS or
something else and effectively like Rob
hides it on the Firefox will for now we
will show it permanently in users view
yep
so it's from a pragmatic point of view
it's mostly making sure in case someone
writes URL that or clicks a ul or like
types the URL that looks like that in
location bar will it return error or it
will it with a redirect user to a valid
place they wanted to load in the first
place I think that's more or less on
this topic anyone wants to add something
alright let's move to UI indicators for
connected connecting and of states
should I do that or Eric do you want to
I'm just catching up um I I haven't
fully cracked all of your you're talking
about the icons yeah with the tray I'd
be curious to hear yeah the most recent
commenter I'd be interested to hear you
yeah verbalize yes
so like long story short is that right
now we are using a qfs icon everywhere
just that look
so the blue cube indicates your node is
connected to the network it's online it
has at least one peer or it has zero
peers but it's trying very hard to
connect to the network and the gray one
tells you that your note is offline so
we have gray one and blue one but it
does not look too well on like Marc and
the solo as well on Windows a lot of
operating systems and as well
same with browsers a lot of user
interfaces moved to monochromatic black
and white icons so the an effort is to
come up with some way to indicate online
offline and connecting states that feels
native and we could reuse in Mac Windows
and also maybe in browser extension
because it would be good if both
aquafers desktop and ipfs companion use
the same visual language to indicate
those things and we in the link the
issue we we are like discussing some
prototypes around indicating
connectivity by showing those like
connection points protruding from the
cube and some through some mock-ups how
it would look like in a black and white
scheme and how it looks on Mac how it
looks on Windows some scaling issues and
I also played a little bit with IP first
companion to see how those icons would
look in the browser context and I I
realized that the proposed protruding
circles make a nice animation if you if
you make it animate so that
more or less on on Dennis if you if Eric
wants to add anything
my only addition would be that
holy smokes there's a lot of different
places where these icons are gonna
appear and yes of airing on the side of
you know simplicity and attempting to
follow the guidelines established by
folks like Apple is probably a good you
know like that for example not you know
using only the the template the you know
pure black and white for for the basic
tray icon is is preferable to using you
know Jason color most most of those
icons don't really use color except
sometimes to indicate like an active
state they do like like right now the on
my desktop I see that Creative Cloud has
an update for me and they have a
notification which happens approximately
every five minutes from them I'm
ignoring it it's a red dot
additionally the the old one you know
uses color or tone as like the primary
indicator and that's not just you know
that's not necessarily the the most the
the best indicator I mean some people
can't really tell the difference between
shades and yeah and additionally you
know just the high the higher contrast
is going to be is is going to be
something that's not based in color I
mean you usually color is used as as
it's best used as a supporting
communicator as opposed to the sole way
of communicating a state for example so
so something with the dots for example
literally changing like the dots
starting in a hover at hovering around
the orbiting around the box
it helps to make the box itself a little
the whole graphic itself a little bit
bigger without actually enlarging the
box because that that gets to be a
little bit too dominant and clunky in it
the box needs a little space to breathe
so that's why I put the dots like around
the edge and then also you know
disconnected to begin with they're just
waiting for you to just start talking to
them and then snapping them to the box
to indicate that they're connected I
thought was a cute was a cute little
communication method and then I added a
just a simple box hairline box around
that whole thing when that happens to so
that you're not so that we don't have
all of a sudden the whole entire thing
shrinking down that's not in the
animation but it's further up next
percent better than I like I am excited
with coming up with something that looks
good and I can be animated because
especially like in the case of like a
professed companion and if you run em by
that note it takes a few seconds for the
spin spin app to connect to the swarm
and it's awkward to show the offline
icon when you are connecting so some
sort of like other gaps present good
animation options you know in addition
to the snapping they can orbit around
you know and they make you do all sorts
of fun things with sound effects with
whistling
we can discuss that separately first
Chrome extension with audio yeah how to
get how to get removed from extensions
store that's a badge of honor
I'd rather nuns by the way thanks for
doing that work good stuff
cool so if anyone has opinions or ideas
on how to indicate connected connecting
an offline state or are there any other
opportunities of states that we missed
please comment on that issue I believe
now we can move to the next one
unless someone wants to follow up on UI
and indicators yes no yes no no okay
three
I believe text matrix-like
as a general concept this idea of the
state like this is something we talked
about in off like a looks like the UI of
these states being different than you're
used to like safe here it's somewhere
but not on my machine all of that stuff
that happens in traditional web
applications with some weird statuses
that people aren't used to symbol as far
as definitely definitely the problem
extends beyond the project so it's cool
to see it being treated and we might get
in I don't know how to we're making a
decision on this but it was something we
can bring up at offline camp as well if
you wanted more feedback from a broader
audience cool a visual language this
could be you know the first words for a
visual language
I so I should document here it started
as part of the q3 work to make sure that
we are not being regressed in desktop
GUI companion then probably other places
to around faster and cadence changes in
cords yes and ipfs implementations
started looking at kind of the overview
the eye level view of what's tested and
what's not tested and whether something
is tested automatically when core things
in core change trying to get a kind of
what the big picture is around where our
testing and regression vector gaps are
is there for example a question like is
there a place where if something breaks
we would have no way to new it know it
until we either ship it and somebody
tells us or we're doing manual testing
and we have to try and hope that we find
it if you have any idea this around with
there are issues or repos that track
this kind of work now be great to add it
to this table if there are other
scenarios that you know of that in in
these three given parts of the project
that should be tested or other types of
I just drafted this list off the top of
my head I don't really know how much of
this already exists if none of this
exists but it seems like things that we
probably want to exist at some point to
make sure that we're not breaking
ourselves without knowing it that's fine
trying to break ourselves that's normal
part of iterative development we just
want to know when we break ourselves so
we can unbreak or pour back out i've
changes that are breaking so if you have
any thoughts about this kind of work
this probably actually should be and
then maybe the testing and infer a group
as well so maybe I'll stop by there
meeting next week and share this yeah I
believe we we should like populate this
table way for the current state and I
already see some things that are not
here so I'll add them after the coma
great thanks
you
all right I think we're on to the next
one which is mine I'm going to keep this
short so there's an issue on the piers
tab in the web UI I once you get past
like a hundred piers it starts to get
kind of slow and it's actually already
noticeable with a lower number of piers
if you scroll through the table you'll
notice that the table appears and
dissapears while you're scrolling and
the reason it's doing that is because
it's actually rerender that entire table
every time one of the piers gets their
location resolved so whether that's
being resolved from the cache or finally
being resolved from a lookup its rear
entering that table which is problematic
because it's costly to re-render that
entire table so after looking at it I
think we've got a few choices there one
of the things that I initially thought
was maybe we have a component inside of
the table that handles the resolution
rather than so that rather than
rendering the whole table we just re
render unknown to whatever the location
it is that we find and that way we don't
have to worry about re rendering a whole
table it's just a small little bit of
the data inside of the table and the
problem with that is that then you can't
really sort by that because it's not
going to be in the data set that's used
when rendering the table so that that's
a trade-off there the other option is to
use something like rxjs or a reducer
some kind of transducer to take the
massive amount of data and then debounce
it I guess so that it it doesn't
rerender every time up here gets
resolved instead it's only rear-ending
you know every minute or something or
not every minute every second or
something like that so that it's not
every 10 milliseconds
however often it's happening right now I
just wanted to see if you guys have any
opinions on that what's kind of the
trend for handling this inside of web UI
as far as I can tell there isn't
anything doing that right now do we know
what's the current like refresh rate for
the pure screen I couldn't tell you the
exact number I had it set up to log
every time it was rendering and it was
enough that it was scrolling faster than
I could keep up with and I can get stats
for that if that would be helpful but
it's it's really often at the very
beginning and then after that it's it's
much slower as it's you know resolving
fewer and fewer peers since it's already
tried to go through the majority on the
list
so yeah I can't tell you yeah but after
after it comes down it's like once a sec
once a second so yeah yeah it's kind of
just whenever a new peer connects it
tries to resolve that and if it does
resolve it but that's a rerender so
really the issue is the first time you
go to the page and it's going through
that whole list so once you stay on that
page for a while then it's not an issue
but if you've got you know I think the
issue came up when one had like 26,000
peers connected which is insane and
obviously that's not gonna go that's not
going to end after a minute you're gonna
be resolving peers for as long as you're
on that page so definitely noticeable
there we we sort of what in in other
context when we have to do a lot of
asynchronous like results we often
throttle dots using like a queue which
limits the number of concurrent tasks
that would probably help here yeah they
actually have that in place now for the
resolution of the
locations they have a queue set up with
concurrency and all of that so it's it's
getting throttled already but it's still
happening too often for the rendering
phase so it's almost like there needs to
be another throttle outside of the
resolution that's happening to prevent
over rendering as well because it's
resolving fat really fast but we don't
want to render out all of that as soon
as it comes through just because it
could be problematic for large data sets
yeah sure
Eric I'd go with with the bouncing it
goes like it's probably safer but to
decrease the right will refresh like it
does not need to be that fast it does
not need to be that exact honestly I
don't think people would be worried if
it like refreshed once a second yeah you
won't have even if you occur about like
latency : if you like refresh faster
than like half a second it loses its
meaning yes jump too fast so actually we
need to slow it down to that level most
of people can just process yeah okay
sounds good I'll look at getting a de
penser in there that what were you gonna
tear yeah I was just wondering if we
could go ahead and do that smaller just
refreshing the element inside of the
actual whole table and when they choose
to sort at that time maybe refresh and
then sort yeah I probably could do
something like that off to look at that
a little bit more closely to see what it
would take to only include that in the
data set if they've selected this sort
by it there's probably a way we could do
that
let me know if you need help coding okay
that I want I won't be able to to help
you I'll bring you snacks and and give
you encouragement sounds good
awesome thanks guys thank you for
looking at this the next one is dog
stocks task force
yes indeedy
I will share my screen so one of the one
of the tasks that we landed on one of
the tactics that we thought might be
interesting useful towards improving the
you know the overall docks experience
making the docks
more effective is to put a little quiz
or a little sort of a little menu
encapsulated menu of listing the kinds
of things that I might want to do or
with ipfs or get out of ipfs basically
why I am visiting ipfs dot IO the two
possible improvements that could come
out of creating a little utility like
this are you know we kind of get a
better idea of what people are visiting
the site what they want from the site so
that can inform personas or whatever you
know we've got developers who got
researchers we have all sorts of people
in theory who are coming to ipfs that IO
and then additionally we could be
channeling people maybe those people
more effectively into the content that's
in the content that we have whether
that's the helpful content that's in
Doc's maybe or it's in proto school or
you know maybe it's in a thread
somewhere but currently the the layout
of Doc's you know the organization of
Doc's you know needs a little bit of
information architecture work anyway and
also it's not all on Doc's right and so
we have actually why don't I just go to
the if you check out this the lint issue
maybe you already have theirs it's it's
interesting to see where all these links
actually go
when you are in an IPF sto just as a
sidebar you know they they click to
places that are you know disparate and
some of them look similar some of them
don't look similar they click it or you
and even the structure of the of the
site is modified a little bit when you
click in some into it such as the the
blog section when you click into the
blog all of a sudden the top nav gets an
additional item added which is media and
that's the only place I could find the
media in the top now if and secretly
like so if you're very good I have a
very good eye for detail you might be
able to find our media my PFS dot IO and
this is a proposed reflow so currently
it says try it we have try it and then
what does it learn more or something
I've already forgotten watched Anna
so watch demo links to a video from 2015
which has which is vintage you know and
people like vintage stuff so that's
valuable maybe but it's also and it's in
Aswan you know and it's well-informed
and whatnot but it's maybe not the best
thing to be to have right at the top of
the page right now and try it
which scrolls you down the page to the
implementations there are multiple
issues going on here and hopefully what
we're proposing as a really quick test
to implement within a couple days will
actually also maybe you'll alleviate or
give us a window into how we might
alleviate some of these extra issues
like the fact that implementations and
install or you know it's kind of a
conflation going on there if you click
in to install it brings you to the you
know the CLI install ipfs and
implementations down here it goes to you
has go javascript best
does not have the other link to the
other way of installing so there's a
little bit of confusion in my mind I
reckon there is some people have some
confusion so here instead what if we had
a simple button which was I don't know
if it was get started just simple simple
call to action which would lead people
either further down on the page or to
another page and actually when I jump in
be in vision demo have you all actually
already found the envision prototype if
not I will show it to you you can find
the link right there on that issue so
two different design options accordions
is where we're leaning so what we're
doing here is trying to get as few a
simple of an experience as possible and
so not a lot of cognitive loads for the
visitor and this is just wireframes of
course this isn't design for of the
before roughly these these for questions
or needs are where we've landed I need
to learn I want to learn about the
distributed web I want to store and
share files I want to do a manage large
amounts of data this might be you know
each of these implies a certain user
group so without coming right out and
saying it I am an individual I am I'm an
individual and I want to short store and
share files you know we can we can
figure out make a good guess of what
kind of people those are so yeah we
might do these simple accordions that
then drive drive people to some of this
sort of curated links right so maybe
some of the content we have in Doc's
right now is useful if you're like
really hardcore and drilling drilling
drilling and your very specific problem
but perhaps the lion's share of them are
the most useful
10th is a lot smaller of a list you know
it's a lot more manageable a collection
and some people currently might have
trouble finding discovering what those
are and so this is a way to to lead them
there more efficiently and of course all
of this would be measured we'd have
metrics for all this so we can get a
good idea like oh pretty much everyone
wants to implement ipfs wants to use
ipfs so we need to prioritize the devs
as our you know a primary use case which
is actually probably the truth and and
the catch-all as well so one of the in
addition to this to these accordions
this is a quick take at merging the
implementation kind of merging the
implementations in the install panel and
at the same time giving them a suggested
path to take which is to install ipfs
desktop and Chris and I have been
collaborating on all this and he's got
much and have better words just to
describe why ipfs desktop should be a
path that we have pushed people down
that we would lead people down is this
his chat here I'm not sure what dist
ipfs thought i/o is a fan so yeah that's
how I understand it anyway ignore talk
about cognitive load and I was talking
about that a minute ago and the Chiefs
suffer overload IPS desktop is you know
it at the same time correct me if I'm
wrong it's installing you know it's
taking care of this of the command line
stuff at
well in a and and it's just a really you
know we're putting so much attention
into making this not just you know not a
beginners per se in application so much
as a handy and super easy to use at
handy utility that helps everyone
understand what the nuts and bolts are
of ipfs you know and it helps developers
understand more about how it works and
it's it's visual so then just haven't
have the rest of the of the various app
some of the apps
- I'll have the links I'll need to share
anymore I have a question about this
extra bution
page visit do people who know more than
me feel really strongly that it should
say distributions not downloads like you
go there and it says this is the
Downloads website to people everybody
else know what the word distribution
means and that you click it and go to
downloads it's yes if you come from
Linux he'll and he does does everyone in
the ipfs community except Terry come
from Linux he'll and no it's fine if
they did I'm just giving you the unit
I'm giving you the other etymological
history of it yes they do either really
strongly agrees with me or thinks I'm
the only one no I I think we agreed it's
a problem I do that's why I brought it
up okay yeah it also it only has a
subset of things we actually ship and
that has the same visual uniformity
I can feel problems that Eric was trying
to address here it's I brought it up as
a great exhibit of all of the problems
disconnected visual uniformity lack and
not even actually accurate and late
language specific to it to its specific
domain and honestly if you want to build
that website you won't have good time
I'll leave it at that
like I don't think I would know
like I guess implementation I would kind
of know is like a language of the thing
don't think I would really know what a
distribution was really yeah it'll
probably eventually just redirect
whatever in the new download speed
you got it a one-day trip that's settled
mrs. H this would be new installed page
will identity be that all incoming and
have all the things and each section we
can end expand a contract that's based
on what became in Amazon and it won't
say distributions in the header missus
and
some confusion with the decentralized
web distributed web maybe distributions
decentralisation x' so anyway hopefully
we can get that implemented and get some
get some good actionable insights out of
that ASAP yes sir
is this a q3 target targeted change its
an ASAP yes
q3 probably next couple weeks I would
say depending on all right holidays and
one by that he means next week latest
said the guy who won't be and again so
it's with that link I think we have a
few more minutes and I need emmos here
on the decks
you know what we have time to download
seven minutes
I was seeing my screen I think it's kind
of crops a little bit we can
Pirellis so this is a CLI tool that I've
built and it's probably useful to anyone
developing anything in JavaScript or no
js' or whatever the language would be
good things basically the problem it
tries to solve is when you we use NPM as
the way to handle all the dependencies
and stuff either NPM or yarn basically
when we want to connect one package to
another let's say we have a package full
of tests and we have gsm FS and just a
bit of s imports the tests to run so
sometimes when we are developing we need
to change the tests in one place and
then run it in another place let's say
the test and JSF FS when we have this
situation you need to link them locally
in our machine to be able to develop
fast or else we would need to change
here into our ways and then pull the
rulli's on this side and run tests which
is very awesome
so we link and yarn and npm have this
functionality which is link one package
to another
but basically link has a big big problem
that's what I'm going to show you and
how connect that this new package that
builds the solves that problem
so if we if we go here into the
dependencies this is yes a BFS do you
can you see or I need to make it bigger
it's fine
okay so if you go to non modules it is a
little folder that has everything that's
the coding parts we are here a little
tool that we use which is Asia and Asia
itself as a bunch of known modules - so
as you can see the lists right now this
is a clean install it's quite small it's
only these ones and this happens because
when you install NPM there's a bunch of
stuff and basically the duplicates a
bunch of dependencies and arrange them
so we don't have like a million of them
and if and only one version so the
dependencies are quite small then if you
want to if you want to do if you link
directly as I'm doing here in the the
console I'm using yarn because I'm gonna
use yarns it's the same thing at the end
game we are if you link Asia what
happens
it's basically this the folder becomes
like stupidly big because it's basically
doing symlink from one folder to the
other so what the problem the big
problem here what is that dependency
tree is not the same if we do a clean
install you get the first version that
you saw if you link you get this version
so it's not it's basically not the same
codebase and that sometimes gets us into
big troubles because we find some error
and we don't know where it comes from
and probably is from this specific
problem so that mean just some link
probably to fall and so what connects
Apps does is basically ensures that the
dependency tree is always the same as if
you were to install from scratch and how
does it do this basically goes to the to
the second like package and as an NPM
pack which is what NPM normally do when
you publish to the online registry and
then gets these little zip file and
installs directly on JSI PFS on this
side on this package and that's
basically what what happens if you do a
normal an NPM install for a new
dependency so it does the same thing
that you would do when you install a new
dependency and that gives us the correct
dependency tree so I'm going to run
connectives and here right now in the
terminal so what I want to do is to link
now I give it the related path to Asia
so it's we go back one folder and then
we have Asia here
and this gives us some little extra
files here so just to keep track of
things and then we want to connect
easier or just connect connect and this
is packing easier and installing the
asia on JSP FS directly from the zip
file or the tar file and when these
hands this normal is faster when zoom is
not running what happens is if you
remember the previous state the first
state we get the small version of their
node modules and this is basically the
way connected EPS words and the problem
salts which is quite annoying when we
are trying to link and develop at the
same time at the end you can just reset
and right now you can see that the your
package Jason which is basically a list
of all the packages that you are using
Asia is not like where the version not
the version it should be so when you
reject everything gets clean and gets
reverted to the previous site and you
get clean a clean ripple with no changes
at all as you can see my editor is
telling me there is no change at all in
this ripple so it reverted correctly so
basically this is our connect apps words
just wanted to show you this because if
you are a developer this might be useful
free that that's it it's awesome
honestly at least one one guy will
totally appreciate it because in ipfs
companion when I work on Jes ipfs with
those polyfills on top of chrome sockets
that we need to like to get it like
nodes net module and stuff like that and
we also run happy Jas
in web browser and happy Jaya has slowed
some from it some like server-side
modules so long story short if I use
yarn link it just it's not like it may
produce problems it just does not build
I had to go the back route or just point
at a remote branch to God and build so
it's like highly useful for me thank you
yeah you can connect multiple packages
at the same time and you all you also
have a watch mode which basically
watches for changes and does everything
automatically so you don't need to worry
about it just code it's a it's a little
bit slower or much slower because young
link doesn't take any time at all
because it's just a link but at least
it's correct and doesn't give you
problems yep yeah it's like I totally
love that the values like the the
correctness and it's actually gives you
a static snapshot so you won't want like
pull their carpet from within yourself
by editing something in a separate
thingy so it's like yeah and right now
it only supports yarn but Fokker is
already working on a PR to support NPM
so it will support both shortly thank
you
I believe we Nelly fit within an hour
time slot so unless there's something
that requires our attention I believe
that's a wrap for this week if if you're
in his summer if you are planning on
heading out make sure your your team's
know to say Oceania and woods in the
middle of nowhere just reminder I think
I've talked to three people in this room
we're taking vacation soon
I believe that's round bye everybody